## Latex
Latex is what people use to write pretty mathematical expressions. If you're
still reading, you probably know what latex is and don't need a primer.

jem-press supports latex, through [MathJax]. This means you can use `$` and `$$`
like you normally would in latex.

This allows regular math-mode latex to be typed within dollar signs. For
example

$$\int_1^\infty \frac{1}{x^2} dx = 1$$

is generated by the code snippet `$$\int_1^\infty \frac{1}{x^2} dx = 1$$`. I
can do math by including `$x = 1$` in normal text. example: $x = 1$.

I can also do fancier things and not be limited by the additional markdown
processing:

$$\begin{align}
1 &= 1 + 0\\
&= \sin^2(x) + \cos^2(x)\\
&= e^{j\cdot x} + e^{-j\cdot x}
\end{align}$$

was generated by

```
$$\begin{align}
1 &= 1 + 0\\
&= \sin^2(x) + \cos^2(x)\\
&= e^{j\cdot x} + e^{-j\cdot x}
\end{align}$$
```

Note: MathJax requires that equation don't include spaces before/after the
dollar signs. That is, write `$$x^2$$` and not `$$ x^2 $$`

## Numbering
MathJax even supports equation numbering.

> $$\begin{equation} \exp\left[j\pi\right] + 1 = 0 \label{eq} \end{equation}$$

> Equation $\ref{eq}$ is perhaps the most powerful equation. It contains two
irrational numbers, two rational and important numbers and one imaginary
number!

Which was generated by the following code:

```
> $$\begin{equation} \exp\left[j\pi\right] + 1 = 0
    \label{eq} \end{equation}$$

Equation $\ref{eq}$ ...
```

Having numbering turned on is configurable in the MathJax header. The [MathJax
documentation page] on this has more details. This site generator includes
MathJax in [helper/header.html]

[helper/header.html]:https://github.com/scottsievert/jem-press/blob/master/helper/header.html#L35
[MathJax]:https://www.mathjax.org
[MathJax documentation page]:http://mathjax.readthedocs.org/en/latest/tex.html#automatic-equation-numbering


